So when good match with a boat two and three.
So what possibilities do one have to be matched with?
The first one is either take one, one that is Assad.
They won't do that is match.
WOMAN two So what should be an exit?
Okay, go on.
And now match men two With women.
And what is the state of illegal said will be the ordinance which may amend when and now he has managed
to write or two won't be available for the second men to be met.
So this is one possibility.
And towards the second possibility it is the B2 Goma one and.
331 into that means now match man one has been matched with women.
So this is another possibility.
So let me come back.
Yeah.
So.
MAN one Can we measure two and three?
Just give me a second again.
Yeah.
So here we can see that.
Men, two, three men.
One has been matched with two and three.
Both.
So now what are the women?
They are left like one entry slip and one into his left.
Right.
Well, it's a man.
Let's try to match man two with the woman of eight.
So let's see.
With a man two is compatible with woman one and three.
So of course, here, both of them will be matched.
Let me say that.
Okay, now management three because two is already matched with one and here two is matched with the
reason I'm writing a basic, basic regression rate.
Nothing is digging a set of woman and all those things.
This should be very clear.
It's nothing right now.
Men, not three, will be matched with three.
So the woman left this to you now at eight because you win when already matched in this case.
DP Here what we have is we have three.
You'll be matched with one now because who has been matched with three?
So.
Woman three Taken.
So basically it is like this.
Their group of men come up, men and women, where woman is a sick eight.
And if I try to match men, I.
I can only.
Okay, I'll take that later.
Define their later so they don't just understand brute force.
It should be better.
Now what I have is okay so far for women two again, what I have is it can be measured.
WOMAN one in three.
Men two can only imagine.
Women One in the nature here I cannot imagine.
Two So let's ignore the second arrow.
And here I have management with my city manager, with women one so that I know that you can match mentally
with women.
But eight So this is the same, which is.
But which is remaining.
I hope this is very clear.
Well, now.
Now.
Will this match to the entry?
Can we take this that military entry match or not?
Yes.
So three matches with all three tournament matches with all three.
So this will be done as one because yes, this is a possibility that, yes, they have been matched.
This is, again, a possibility.
Yes, they have been also matched.
And this is, again, a possibility.
So one comes from here.
One comes from here.
And this this will return a stool because he has matched a woman, a man, two with one also and with
three also.
This will also return me one.
This will also alternate done me one.
And this finally I will be returned to the it two from it and one from you.
I we are getting this a normal brute force, nothing else.
Instead, it goes in starting from end one, matching with all the women.
What?
India said eight.
So.
Yeah.
So let me.
Right this that b b off like this is what we understood.
Edward of Luisa said off.
Woman.
Let's say.
Not available.
Eight.
I'm trying to match.
I'm trying to match men.
I m sorry.
Match men m with vitamin citrate.
And this this will be equal to.
Let's see if I'm not finding the number of these number office.
Okay.
So basically the BMW is there to get these many, many remaining men from M.
To end all remaining and women remaining white in this thread.
For now.
Hate to tell me what the number of is.
It's a normally beast.
It it will be equal to submission of.
Bibi and plus one because I'm matching the government with women minus something like 646 excusable
men with which men end mismatched right now and x x belongs to w.
First of all, they w was the third x belongs to W and.
The second condition was that eof m coma x should be true.
That means man m should be comfortable with women.
So this is a normal recursive relation that we have formed.
This shouldn't be that hard to understand.
Well, I imagine contentment and it will be matched with all those women whom we that it is compatible
and they are available in the set.
That means X belongs to W and Emma and Eve exists when they are compatible.
Good luck.
In the next part of this we will code the first voice and then we will understand that vivo brute force
working then will coordinate.
We approach and optimize it.
Okay.
So thank you very.